c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\obj\Debug\AMUW.Services.csproj.App.config
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\obj\Debug\AMUW.Services.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\AMUW.Services.dll.config
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\AMUW.Services.dll
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\AMUW.Services.pdb
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\Hyak.Common.dll
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Common.dll
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Common.NetFramework.dll
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\Hyak.Common.xml
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Common.xml
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Common.NetFramework.xml
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\obj\Debug\AMUW.Services.dll
c:\Users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\obj\Debug\AMUW.Services.pdb
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\AMUW.Data.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\AMUW.Data.pdb
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\StructureMap.xml
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW.Services\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
