c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AMUW.dll.config
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AMUW.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AMUW.pdb
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Common.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Common.NetFramework.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Compute.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.MediaServices.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Monitoring.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Network.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Scheduler.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Sql.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Storage.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.WebSites.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Common.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Common.NetFramework.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Compute.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.MediaServices.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Monitoring.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Network.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Scheduler.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Sql.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Storage.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.WebSites.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\obj\Debug\AMUW.csproj.App.config
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\obj\Debug\AMUW.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\obj\Debug\AMUW.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\obj\Debug\AMUW.pdb
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Hyak.Common.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Common.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Common.NetFramework.dll
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Hyak.Common.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Common.xml
c:\users\hanifahnurafifah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Common.NetFramework.xml
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AMUW.Data.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AMUW.Services.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.Net4.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.Web.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AMUW.Data.pdb
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AMUW.Services.pdb
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.pdb
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.xml
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.Web.pdb
C:\Users\HanifahNurafifah\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.Web.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AMUW.dll.config
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AMUW.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AMUW.pdb
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AMUW.Data.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AMUW.Services.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AutoMapper.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Hyak.Common.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Common.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Common.NetFramework.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Common.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Common.NetFramework.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Compute.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.MediaServices.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Monitoring.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Network.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Scheduler.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Sql.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Storage.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.WebSites.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.Net4.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.Web.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AMUW.Data.pdb
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AMUW.Services.pdb
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\AutoMapper.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Hyak.Common.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Common.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Common.NetFramework.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Common.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Common.NetFramework.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Compute.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.MediaServices.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Monitoring.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Network.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Scheduler.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Sql.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.Storage.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Management.WebSites.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.pdb
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.Web.pdb
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\StructureMap.Web.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\obj\Debug\AMUW.csproj.App.config
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\obj\Debug\AMUW.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\obj\Debug\AMUW.dll
D:\Work\Project\AMUW\AMUW\obj\Debug\AMUW.pdb
